CCSAAS-4856 - Add customer JSON import - ACCS (#557)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/rest/modules/import/index.md

*  Convert your CSV into JSON using any trustworthy online converter.
*  When converting CSV to JSON using standard tools or libraries, special characters within the data are typically escaped automatically. Ensure that any manual edits or custom conversion processes handle this escaping appropriately.

#### Customer imports in Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service

> In Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, the customer import API (POST /V1/import/json with entity: "customer") does not support `assistance_allowed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, the `POST /V1/import/json` endpoint does not support the `assistance_allowed` field when the `entity` field is set to `customer`.
```

Then combine this line with the next.

If you need to create or modify customers that have [remote shopping assistance enabled](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/customers/customer-accounts/manage/login-as-customer#customer-account-permission-for-remote-shopping-assistance), you can:

* Use `POST /V1/async/bulk/customers` to bulk create customers with assistance_allowed pre-enabled.

    ```json

>         {

Reviewer: This is showing up in screaming red. I think it's an alignment issue.
